# FlatBuffersSchemaEditor
XText based schema editor for FlatBuffers

This project is intended to be an easy way of writing and generating code for FlatBuffers schemas.
FlatBuffers is an efficient cross platform serialization library for C++, Java, C#, Go, Python and JavaScript (C, PHP & Ruby in progress). It was originally created at Google for game development and other performance-critical applications.
For more information please visit FlatBuffers website (https://google.github.io/flatbuffers/), or FlatBuffers Github repository. (https://github.com/google/flatbuffers)

# Current state of the editor
The editor currently does not support following features:
- Enums
- Structs
- Unions
- it ignores attributes (the parsing of multiple attributes is not correct)

The code generator is written for:
- Eager FlatBuffers Serialization and Deserialization in C#
- Lazy FlatBuffers Deserialization in Swift (the core part of Swift port will be released soon)

# Why eager FlattBuffers Serialization and Deserialization?
The classes generated by flatc support lazy reading from FlatBuffers and very cumbersome writing as binary data.
The lazy reading is very important when the performance is of an essence, however in some cases an eager approach, where we can transform the byte buffer into object graph, manipulate this object graph and convert it into a byte buffer again, is also tolerable.
Specifically when we want to write a unit test to test logic which takes FlatBuffers as input.

# Outlook
This project is pretty much work in progress I intend to support all the missing FlatBuffers features in the editor, and cover a couple more languages in the generator.

The content is released under MIT license (https://tldrlegal.com/license/mit-license)

Contributions are welcome.
